itemGroup.search=Search Items
itemGroup.name.planks=Planks
itemGroup.name.walls=Walls
itemGroup.name.fence=Fences
itemGroup.name.fenceGate=Fence Gates
itemGroup.name.stairs=Stairs
itemGroup.name.door=Doors
itemGroup.name.glass=Glass
itemGroup.name.glassPane=Glass Panes
itemGroup.name.permission=Permission Blocks
itemGroup.name.slab=Slabs
itemGroup.name.stoneBrick=Decorative Stone
itemGroup.name.sandstone=Sandstone
itemGroup.name.wool=Wool
itemGroup.name.woolCarpet=Wool Carpet
itemGroup.name.concretePowder=Concrete Powder
itemGroup.name.concrete=Concrete
itemGroup.name.stainedClay=Terracotta
itemGroup.name.glazedTerracotta=Glazed Terracottas
itemGroup.name.dye=Dyes
itemGroup.name.ore=Ores
itemGroup.name.stone=Stone
itemGroup.name.log=Logs
itemGroup.name.leaves=Leaves
itemGroup.name.sapling=Saplings
itemGroup.name.seed=Seeds
itemGroup.name.crop=Crops
itemGroup.name.grass=Ground Cover
itemGroup.name.flower=Flowers
itemGroup.name.rawFood=Raw Food
itemGroup.name.cookedFood=Cooked Food
itemGroup.name.miscFood=Miscellaneous Foods
itemGroup.name.mushroom=Mushrooms
itemGroup.name.monsterStoneEgg=Infested Stone
itemGroup.name.mobEgg=Mob Eggs
itemGroup.name.helmet=Helmets
itemGroup.name.chestplate=Chestplates
itemGroup.name.leggings=Leggings
itemGroup.name.boots=Boots
itemGroup.name.horseArmor=Horse Armor
itemGroup.name.sword=Swords
itemGroup.name.axe=Axes
itemGroup.name.pickaxe=Pickaxes
itemGroup.name.shovel=Shovels
itemGroup.name.hoe=Hoes
itemGroup.name.arrow=Arrows
itemGroup.name.potion=Potions
itemGroup.name.splashPotion=Splash Potions
itemGroup.name.lingeringPotion=Lingering Potions
itemGroup.name.bed=Beds
itemGroup.name.chalkboard=Chalkboards
itemGroup.name.anvil=Anvils
itemGroup.name.chest=Chests
itemGroup.name.shulkerBox=Shulker Boxes
itemGroup.name.record=Records
itemGroup.name.skull=Mob Skulls
itemGroup.name.boat=Boats
itemGroup.name.rail=Rails
itemGroup.name.minecart=Minecarts
itemGroup.name.pressurePlate=Pressure Plates
itemGroup.name.trapdoor=Trapdoors
itemGroup.name.enchantedBook=Enchanted Books
itemGroup.name.banner=Banners
itemGroup.name.firework=Fireworks
itemGroup.name.fireworkStars=Firework Charges
itemGroup.name.coral=Coral Blocks
itemGroup.name.coral_decorations=Coral Decorations
itemGroup.name.buttons=Buttons
itemGroup.name.sign=Signs
itemGroup.name.wood=Woods
itemGroup.name.banner_pattern=Banner Patterns
itemGroup.name.netherWartBlock=Nether Warts